hello movie fans and welcome back to
another full movie recap with movie
reveals
in today's video we're going to give you
a full play-by-play summary on the
rather bizarre 2009 sci-fi action movie
called district 9. if you like movies
with a twist then this one is for you
the film was partially presented in a
found footage format by featuring
fictional interviews news footage and
video from surveillance cameras the
story which explores themes of humanity
xenophobia and social segregation begins
in an alternate 1982 when an alien
spaceship appears over johannesburg
south africa when a population of sick
and malnourished insectoid aliens are
discovered on the ship the south african
government confines them to an
internment camp called district 9.
20 years later during the government's
relocation of the aliens to another camp
one of the confined aliens named
christopher johnson who's about to try
to escape from earth with his son and
return home crosses paths with a
bureaucrat leading the relocation
the bureaucrat is called wicca's van der
merwe the title and premise of district
9 were inspired by true events in cape
town's district 6 during the apartheid
era warning
this is a spoiler alert but at least you
will get to know what the movie is about
and whether you want to watch it or not
hope you enjoy the alien beings in
district 9 nicknamed prawns because they
look like a cross between lobsters and
grasshoppers arrive in a spaceship that
hovers over johannesburg found inside
huddled together and starving to death
are the aliens who benefit from a
humanitarian response to relocate them
to a location on the ground
here they become not welcome but feared
and their camp turns into a prison
fearing alien attacks humans demand they
be resettled far from town and the
clueless bureaucrat wikis is placed in
charge of this task
the government hires the company
multinational united also known as mnu
to be responsible for relocating the
aliens
mnu is one of the world's largest weapon
manufacturers and shows little regard
for the aliens welfare and is more
interested in their weaponry which is
engineered using the alien's biological
dna thus making them unusable by humans
they have been doing lots of illegal and
unauthorized research on the aliens and
their weapons clearly to crack the dna
code and turn a huge profit
wikis an employee of mnu and son-in-law
of one of the chiefs is sent to district
9 with a team of soldiers tasked with
going from house to house to make the
prawns sign a contract of evacuation
despite trying to keep the exercise as
peaceful as possible during rising
political tension some of the aliens are
uncooperative and the soldiers shoot and
kill them they then come across a house
full of alien eggs and then
unmercilessly set the whole house on
fire destroying the eggs meanwhile three
aliens christopher johnson his young son
cj and christopher's friend paul search
a district 9 garbage dump for alien fuel
and prawn technology which christopher
has had him spend the last 20 years
synthesizing enough to enact his plan
fleeing the earth in the spaceship
they finally finish in paul's shack as
the relocation begins but when wikis
comes to the shack to serve paul and
notice he finds the hidden container
with the fuel and accidentally sprays
some of it in his own face while
confiscating him
composing himself he bags up the
container so it can be sent into the lab
hall starts to attack wikis and during
the fight wikis badly injures his arm
paul is killed by kuaz venter a cruel
leader of the hired mnu mercenaries
wikisee's assistant insists he should go
to the hospital but wikis says he will
just get it treated and continue with
the evacuation notices his assistant
helps put on a bandage soon he starts to
feel uncomfortable and sick while
inspecting christopher's home
unknowingly wikis begins mutating into a
prawn starting with his left arm which
was injured after the fuel exposure and
which was hidden under a large bandage
after playing down his symptoms vomiting
nose bleed headache and fingernail and
tooth loss he passes out and is taken to
a hospital where his left hand is now
discovered to have become a prawn claw
he is immediately transferred to the mnu
lab where researchers perform brutal
experiments on him and discover his dna
grants him the ability to operate prawn
weaponry that is biologically restricted
for use only by the aliens humans are
biologically unable to make the alien
weapons work
wanting to capture this human alien
hybridity before wikis fully transforms
schmidt his evil father-in-law orders
for wikis body to be vivisected and
harvested for its profitable properties
wikis however overpowers the lab
personnel and escapes while kuba's
vendors forces hunt for him a smear
story is broadcast on television one
that reaches wicca's wife who is smitt's
daughter tania claiming wikis is a
wanted fugitive who has contracted a
contagious disease from having sex with
aliens
wikis takes refuge in district 9
accidentally finding christopher and the
mother spaceship's concealed command
module dropship underneath his slum
house christopher explains to wikis that
the confiscated fuel is crucial to his
plan of reactivating the dropship and if
he can get them in the drop ship to the
mothership he can cure wikis and reverse
his physical transformation the two
hatch are planned to break into the lab
at mnu but know they need some weapons
wikis attempts to acquire weapons from
the district 9 nigerian arms dealer
obasanjo who wants to eat wikis alien
arm because he believes it will grant
him alien abilities
wikis however seeks as an alien weapon
and able to use it escapes with a
collection of other weapons he and
christopher can use to attempt a
retrieval of the alien fuel
wikis and christopher then forced their
way through mnu to the lab and retrieve
the fuel however after seeing the
barbaric experiments mnu has performed
on his people in the lab including a
dissected pawl christopher has a change
of heart and tells wikis he must return
home as fast as possible for help and
cannot undo wikis mutation until he
returns in three years due to the
limited supply of the fuel
enraged wikis knocks christopher down
and attempts to fly the dropship module
to the mothership himself but it is shot
down by kua's venter's forces
vendor captures wikis and christopher
but obasanjo's gang ambushes the mnu
convoy seizes wikis and brings wikis to
obasanjo who prepares to chop off wikis
prawn arm
meanwhile cj remaining hidden in the
drop ship remotely activates the
mothership and a large alien mechanized
battle suit located in obasanjo's base
the suit guns down the nigerians and
wikis enters the suit and rescues
christopher from the mercenaries
adding to the drop ship the two come
under heavy human weapons fire and wikis
stays behind to fend off the mercenaries
buying time for christopher who promises
to return after three years and heal
wikis to leave
after all of the other mercenaries are
killed venter finally cripples the suit
and is about to execute wikis when slum
aliens attack and dismember him alive
[Music]
christopher makes it into the drop ship
with cj and the drop ship is levitated
via a tractor beam back into the
mothership which christopher then uses
to leave earth
humanity is left to speculate whether or
not christopher will return to take all
the remaining aliens back to their home
world or if you will return to declare
war on earth
mnu experiments on the alien population
are exposed and the aliens are moved to
the new camp named district 10.
taney finds a metal flower on her
doorstep giving her hope that wikis is
still alive and a now fully transformed
wikis is shown in a junkyard cracking
the flower for his wife
the end
make sure to subscribe and turn on
notifications so you can watch more
videos like this
if you like this video please comment
below thanks for watching